[ADD] Inventory: forecast report (#12218)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/reporting/forecast.rst

stock than is currently available or expected, or because of delays in the shipping or manufacturing
process.

Whatever the cause, when negative numbers are displayed on the forecast report, it serves as an
early warning, allowing business to take preventative action. This can include:

- Prioritizing specific sales or production orders.
- Adjusting procurement strategies to expedite purchase orders.
- Manage customer expectations by proactively communicating the possibility for delays.

.. image:: forecast/neg-quantity.png
   :alt: An example of the forecast report with a negative quantity.

Split orders
------------

In the example below, there is not currently enough stock of a product, `Cabinet with Doors` to
fulfill the multiple sales orders. The current stock has been reserved for a shipment,
`WH/OUT/00011`, and the remainder has been split between the two orders. The remaining stock is
expected with `WH/IN/00004`. Once received, they are the separated out to cover the remaining
orders.

.. image:: forecast/forecast-use-case.png
   :alt: An example of the forecast report chart showing the split delivery for an order.

Late receipt
------------

> A |SO| is scheduled for today for five `Cable Management Boxes`.The current on hand quantity is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The replenishment table can be used to determine whether an incoming shipment arrives in time to fulfill an order. For example, a |SO| is displayed with a :guilabel:`Delivery Date` for today for five `Cable Management Boxes`. The current on hand quantity is
```

zero. A |PO| has been confirmed, with the expected arrival three days from today.

> The forecasted quantity for today shows `-5`, because the confirmed demand is five, but the current
> stock on hand is zero. The forecasted quantity increases by five in three days, because that is when
> the products are expected to arrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The forecasted quantity for today shows `-5`, because the confirmed demand is five, but the current
stock on hand is zero. Since the :guilabel:`Receipt` date is *after* the :guilabel:`Delivery Date`, the shipment is late.
```

   referred to as a *storable product*.

Navigating the forecast report
==============================

To access the report, click the :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Forecasted` smart button on a
product form. Alternatively, the report can be access from a sales order (SO), by clicking on the
:icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`(Graph)` icon next to the product, then selecting :guilabel:`View
Forecast`.

.. image:: forecast/so-forecast.png
   :alt: A sales order with the forecast report icon highlighted.

The forecasted report consists of a graph and a table. The graph visually represents stock movements
over time. The following information is displayed:

- :guilabel:`On Hand`: current stock physically available in the warehouse.
- :guilabel:`Incoming`: quantities expected from confirmed purchase orders or manufacturing orders.
- :guilabel:`Outgoing`: quantities reserved for sales orders or other outgoing operations.
- :guilabel:`Forecasted`: projected stock levels based on confirmed and planned operations.

.. image:: forecast/forecast-chart.png
   :alt: An example of the chart on a forecast report.

The table provides detailed metrics regarding operations, including:

> - :guilabel:`Replenishment`: Shows reserved quantities, especially useful for multi-step operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Replenishment`: Shows reserved quantities, especially useful for multi-step operations. 
```

I'd mention what thelines beneath them are - example, Each line lists the separate delivery orders, any Free Stock (inventory currently available), or sales order

That's not the best way to phrase it- but basically explain the multie line beneath it. you can ALSO say it in this way- 

Every (blank - can't think of the term) is presented in its own line item, and provides the 'Replenishment' method (Sales Order, Delivery Order, Manufacturing Order,  etc), the 'Receipt', if available, as well as the total number of 'Units'. 

I realize that's a paragraph and not a bullet list, but it's just confusing to me the lines, so perhaps expanding on what and why those things appear could help.

- :guilabel:`Receipt`: The date of receipt for the items.
- :guilabel:`Units`: The number of units involved in each operation.
- :guilabel:`Used by`: The operation the stock is allocated for.
- :guilabel:`Delivery`: The scheduled or expected date of stock movement.
- :guilabel:`Forecasted Inventory`: The forecasted stock levels.
- :guilabel:`Forecasted with Pending`: The updated stock levels with the pending stock movements
  considered.

Reserve and unreserve products
------------------------------

Users can reserve or unreserve products directly from the forecasted report, ensuring stock
allocation aligns with operational needs.

.. image:: forecast/forecast-table.png
   :alt: The detailed section on a forecast report showing the replenishment and reserved stock.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../shipping_receiving/reservation_methods`

Multi-step reservation
======================

Reserved quantities for multi-step incoming and outgoing shipments are indicated on in the
:guilabel:`Replenishment` column on the table of the report.

> :guilabel:`Stock in Transit` refers to products that have been received, but are in transit to their
> input or quality control locations. :guilabel:`Free Stock in Transit` refers to products received in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Stock in Transit` refers to unavailable products that have been received, but are in transit to their
input or quality control locations. :guilabel:`Free Stock in Transit` refers to products received in
```

> input or quality control locations. :guilabel:`Free Stock in Transit` refers to products received in
> the input location, but not yet in stock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
input or quality control locations. :guilabel:`Free Stock in Transit` refers to available products received in
the input location, but not yet placed in stock.
```

Reviewer 2: IF this is correct! I just want to make it clear what is available for use or not. I assume that's the difference - I know we discussed it but it is confusing.

Operations affecting the forecast report
========================================

The forecast report is influenced by various operations, each impacting stock levels differently.
Scheduled delivery dates, planned manufacturing dates, and expected arrival dates all affect the
forecast of inventory.

Requests for Quotation (RFQs) do not immediately impact the forecast report, as the products are not
confirmed for replenishment. Purchase orders (POs), however, do affect the report as the products
are expected to arrive after the |PO| has been confirmed.

Confirmed |SOs| decrease the forecasted stock, adjusting the report based on the scheduled delivery
date. Confirmed manufacturing orders (MOs) affect the forecasted stock for both raw materials and

> finished goods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
finished goods.

```
I wasn't sure if there was the extra line at the end.

======================

Reserved quantities for multi-step incoming and outgoing shipments are indicated on in the
:guilabel:`Replenishment` column on the table of the report.

:guilabel:`Stock in Transit` refers to products that have been received, but are in transit to their
input or quality control locations. :guilabel:`Free Stock in Transit` refers to available products
received in the input location, but not yet placed in stock.

Operations affecting the forecast report
========================================

The forecast report is influenced by various operations, each impacting stock levels differently.
Scheduled delivery dates, planned manufacturing dates, and expected arrival dates all affect the
forecast of inventory.

Requests for Quotation (RFQs) do not immediately impact the forecast report, as the products are not
confirmed for replenishment. |POs|, however, do affect the report as the products are expected to
arrive after the |PO| has been confirmed.

Confirmed |SOs| decrease the forecasted stock, adjusting the report based on the scheduled delivery
date. Confirmed manufacturing orders (MOs) affect the forecasted stock for both raw materials and

> finished goods.

Reviewer: Let's also include the negative quantity use case i mentioned in our chat (:
